hi guys I'm Laura Vitale on this episode
of Laura in the kitchen I'm going to
show you how to make a very classic
Tuscan soup recipe called minestrone
here's what you need spinach carrots
celery potatoes garlic onion fresh basil
pancetta tomato paste chicken broth red
kidney beans diced tomatoes short cut
pasta and of course extra virgin olive
oil salt pepper first thing you want to
do is wash your spinach and just trim
any big stems like that one I just trim
it just because sometimes the ends can
be a little bit too tough okay now I'm
going to start chopping our vegetables
I'm going to peel both carrots
Caeser to just do this over a large bowl
so you don't have any peels going all
over your counter
carrots are peeled now just kind of chop
them I find it easier to just cut them
in half just for my own safety and cut
that in half and just do a nice dice cut
down the middle
next is the celery same thing you just
want to cut it you want everything to be
about the same size so that it cooks
evenly okay just like that just little
dices in the bulb next is your onion
just a small onion define okay
peel the outer skin is kind of tough and
dry oops there you go like I said you
want all the vegetables to be about the
same size I just put two tablespoons of
extra-virgin olive oil in a big soup pot
and let it preheat for just a couple
seconds and now I'm going to add my fit
cup pinch it oh let that saute and get
crispy it once it's crispy I'm going to
remove it from the pan and I'm going to
put it in my chopped vegetables I mean
wow what a pen ten is crisping up I'm
going to peel and chop my potatoes
now depending on your signs you might
need one or two so I'm just going to
come one and see how much that gives me
this is a pretty large potato well 1/2
and I'm just going to cut this a and
then 1/2 well I think I think one potato
will do pretty big just going to stick
with 1 by 10 Chet it's nice and crispy
understand take it out
I'm going to add in my vegetables
okay
you wanna like you cook until the
vegetables start to soften by four to
seven minutes now while the vegetables
cook we're just going to chop out my
clove of garlic whack it with the back
of your knife just makes it easier to
get the peel off there we go and just
give it a little chop just rock your
knife back and forth okay that's good
kind of add that with the potatoes so we
can add the potatoes on the garlic with
our vegetables halfway through it's been
about three minutes since my vegetables
start cooking and as you can see that
the onions are starting to get a little
common lines at the bottom at this point
I'm going to add my potatoes and my
garlic I'm gonna let them cook for
another three to four minutes
and you will notice that I didn't salt
my vegetables I normally salt every
element of the ingredients while I'm
making a recipe but this time I didn't
because I sauteed the pancetta in the
oil so the pancetta very salty so
there's plenty of salt left in the oil
to give it to get the rest of the
vegetables let's cook for about three to
four minutes while I get my stock and my
tomatoes ready it's been about seven
minutes total not all the vegetables
been cooking in the olive oil so now I'm
going to just add in my 14 ounce cans a
red kidney beans that I've rinsed and
drained
okay okay I'm going to add in a 14 ounce
can of chopped tomatoes
young okay I'm going to add in three
cans of chicken stock okay now I'm going
to add in about I don't know a big
teaspoon full of tomato paste because I
really like my minestrone to be very
tomatoey I'm going to add that lid on
for about 20 minutes
me and me for about 20 minutes when it
comes to a boil you want to add in your
spinach and your pasta they all cook
together and get really nice and thick
and then at the end we'll season it so
it's because of about 20 minutes now
it's perfect it's just where you want it
to be okay now I'm going to season it
make sure your taste before you season
with salt because I can set the pancetta
is very salty okay and this point I'm
going to add my pasta put a cup a short
cut pasta okay and I'm going to add in a
few leaves of basil okay
and my pancetta when the pastas cooked
just about a minute before it's ready
we'll add our spinach I've been about 8
minutes since I've put the pasta in it's
almost ready so now I'm just going to
toss in my spinach now this will take
literally a minute to wilt down you just
want to work it in your pan ok give this
about a minute or sell once it's all
wilted you can see it the soup is nice
and thick it's not watering the
vegetables are all cooked I need to just
plate it
here we go
here you have it and there you have it
homemade Tusker minestrone it took no
time to make and it's super delicious I
hope you enjoy spending time with me to
get this recipe and other recipes visit
my website at www.att.com/biz
you